Aventis 2007
move the stereo in it we need to remove
the panel across the top of the stereo
kind of like the stereo to get access to
the bolts this model has the navigation
unit so it may look slightly different
to what you have in your vehicle that
has a standard audio system but if
anything is this panel here will be the
same shape will all attached in the same
way starts off with we remove the panel
from across the top of the stereo the
trim tool let's just hold on with
pressure flips from left to the right
side one cable which has a small tab on
the bottom to go to release for any
dials on the dash now to remove the trim
at the bottom we need to do is push down
on the gig ater to release it then we
can lift up pull the whole unit forwards
back will be one clip cable connection
for the three lighter socket just
tapping on the side we can release this
whole unit half way now I can gain
access to the ten millimeter screws
it's top-notch very generally so can
disappear down the back of the dashboard
very easily so magnetic tool can clean
extremely handy now Scrooge mood built
Google stereo unit forwards and release
the last few pressure fits around the
outside
gently start unplugging the various
different cables on the back of the unit
you will then be able to lean it
forwards to gain access to the cables
for the here controls underneath now you
can gently lift the stereo up or remove
it from the dashboard